Faster preprocessing (#18)
bigscience-workshop/Megatron-DeepSpeed: README.md

Further command line arguments are described in the source file [`preprocess_data.py`](./tools/preprocess_data.py).

> You can also use `tools/preprocess_data_with_lots_of_cpus.py` in the case of high amount of cpu cores available (Typically in the JZ setup). The same command line arguments are available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `tools/preprocess_data_with_lots_of_cpus.py` in the case of high amount of cpu cores available, at least 20 cpu cores (JZ has 40 cpu cores per node). The same command line arguments are available. 
```

Further command line arguments are described in the source file [`preprocess_data.py`](./tools/preprocess_data.py).

> You can also use `tools/preprocess_data_many_cores.py` in the case of high amount of cpu cores available. Typically in JZ setup where cpu nodes have up to 40 physical cpu cores, you should run this script with at least 20 workers instead of the vanilla version. The same command line arguments are available. 

Reviewer: didn't we say 60 workers?

Author: Well we could scale to 80, haven't tested though. I think it's safe to say that it's okay for 20+ no?

Reviewer: we haven't benchmarked it. So if you'd like to do that and it proves to be good then it's a good suggestion, otherwise let's not recommend something we haven't tested to work. e.g. 10 workers has definitely proved not to scale. 20 is much closer to 10 than 60.
